Okay, up ahead is the lady's villa.
Thank you, wait until I meet the young lady.
Be sure to let him promote you and increase your salary.
No need.
As a young lady, let me save you.
Should the eldest lady give anything to me, she will naturally give it to me.
Uh, you guys come in.
Mr. Vi.
Great.
Ms. Lam Thien Nhi.
At my villa with another man.
Ah, come back.
Hey, okay.
Just meeting my lover at my second uncle's villa.
Enough to deal with Lang Thanh.
The water that Tu Tu Tu drank early at night.
Add more wine.
This woman's tricks are very spicy
The mindset is not suitable to stay in your house.
After this is over.
The reason is
Uncle, what is your identity?
5 minutes left.
Let's go see each other for a bit.